life doesn't happen to you it happens
for you the effect you have on others is
the most valuable currency there is
everything you gain in life will rot and
fall apart and all that will be left is
what was in your heart I want to share a
video in the link below Jim Carrey did a
commencement speech at University and
someone put together a YouTube clip of
that very well done and I love it you
know i'm not i'm not a huge woowoo
spiritual guy maybe I'm getting there I
don't know but he talks about
manifesting your dreams basically in
this video and he discusses basically
which I totally agree with there's only
really two emotions in the world love
and fear and which one drives you I
remember years ago when I was I went on
to New York to become a stockbroker and
I was just caught up in what society
tells you you want you know I went off
to New York thinking I want to become
rich you know I want to become have all
this freedom which when you work in a
job like that you don't have freedom
even if you have money and but it was
never really in my heart when I look
back at it it was just you see so many
people talking about money and what they
want but it really means nothing if it's
not your passion or your purpose in life
you know money doesn't make you happy
things don't make you happy following
your heart makes you happy doing what
you love makes you happy being with
people that make you happy makes you
happy so I really want to stress you
know it's okay to dream big and manifest
your dreams but make sure it's something
that that's in your heart that you
really want you know when I was talking
to one of my friends recently and she
said you know you totally manifested
your new girlfriend and I remember that
conversation now and I totally did you
know I was telling her exactly what I
wanted in a partner but I never really
thought about it or stressed about it
and it wasn't
it was just like I became what I wanted
in a partner you know the last few years
of my life you know I've changed a lot
and that can affect past relationships
you're in but hey it's your life you got
to do you got to do what makes you happy
and you got to follow your heart you
know and I just became the person I
wanted to be with I totally don't agree
with opposites attract whatsoever
anymore you want to spend your life with
someone who doesn't have the same
thoughts and beliefs as you i don't and
i basically manifested that you know
when i started this channel on less than
two years ago I didn't think about
growing the channel I just said you know
what I want to share this message and
what it's done for me I think I can
provide a different perspective than a
lot of people on YouTube on this
lifestyle I think I can attract you know
males who come from a similar background
as me and I just wanted to share my
story and I want it to be honest and
just spread the health message and what
it's done for me and I didn't think
about how many followers again didn't
think about any of that still don't
think about money from this I don't make
money from that I make a tiny bit of
money every month from you too but it's
not much but I basically just manifested
what I want and I didn't think about it
after that I just did it because it was
something that was a passion for me and
a purpose for me and
you know now I have over 10,000
subscribers on this channel and between
my YouTube Facebook and Instagram it's
over 21,000 this means nothing my
girlfriend we're talking about Instagram
it's like monopoly money you know as
many followers you have it doesn't mean
anything but but it does mean something
because there's people out there and I
know through emails and conversations
that have helped people you know and
that's really important and like that
first quote I said from Jim Carrey
everything you have things you have are
just going to rot and fall apart and all
that will be left with what's in your
heart and what influence did you have on
people that's the message I want to
carry on someday and again you got to
just do what you love follow your heart
find your purpose and passion in life
and only spend time with people who make
you happy and share your passion and
purpose and encourage you to live your
dreams thanks for watching guys